README.md, before:

# The Powercord Link Preview Utility

Powercord Link Preview Utility allows you to know if your image or video is going to display before you even send the message, saving the embarrassment of link previews not showing up when you're using your custom image/video uploader.

### How It Works

Powercord Link Preview Utility automagically detects if you have the `Embed Links` permission in a channel and lets you know if your images will display or not. To let you know if your links will preview, the Utility uses the channel topic to indicate if you have the permission. If you cannot send messages in the channel, the indicator will not display.

**Will display previews**

###### With text

![channel topic displays preview image text](https://i.adiscorduser.com/kZZiUsS.png)

###### With an icon

![channel topic displays preview image icon](https://i.adiscorduser.com/WQoZQCR.png)

**Will not display previews**

###### With text

![channel topic displays preview image text](https://i.adiscorduser.com/aqOYfKT.png)

###### With an icon

![channel topic doesn't display preview image icon](https://i.adiscorduser.com/qIVtRrL.png)

### Configuration

1. Navigate to User Settings > Link Preview Utility
2. Configure settings

Commit message:

New Styling thanks to creatable#0123

README.md, after:

# The Powercord Link Preview Utility

Powercord Link Preview Utility allows you to know if your image or video is going to display before you even send the message, saving the embarrassment of link previews not showing up when you're using your custom image/video uploader.

### How It Works

Powercord Link Preview Utility automagically detects if you have the `Embed Links` permission in a channel and lets you know if your images will display or not. To let you know if your links will preview, the Utility uses the channel topic to indicate if you have the permission. If you cannot send messages in the channel, the indicator will not display.

### New Styling

The new styling in V 1.1.1 is from [here](https://canary.discord.com/channels/538759280057122817/755005803303403570/755282035538526308) (This is in the powercord guild). The creator of this snippet is `creatable#0123`. Big thanks to them!

**Will display previews**

###### With text

![channel topic displays preview image text](https://i.adiscorduser.com/63EA3Ll.png)

###### With an icon

![channel topic displays preview image icon](https://i.adiscorduser.com/WQoZQCR.png)

**Will not display previews**

###### With text

![channel topic displays preview image text](https://i.adiscorduser.com/1Wyt8JX.png)

###### With an icon

![channel topic doesn't display preview image icon](https://i.adiscorduser.com/qIVtRrL.png)

### Configuration

1. Navigate to User Settings > Link Preview Utility
2. Configure settings
